Create 2025-07-18-brand-protection-api.mdx (#23781)
cloudflare/cloudflare-docs: src/content/changelog/security-center/2025-07-18-brand-protection-api.mdx

---
title: New APIs for Brand Protection setup
description: You can now use the Brand Protection API endpoints to manage your Brand Protection queries
date: 2025-07-18
---
 

> The Brand Protection API is now available, allowing users to create new queries and delete existing ones, fetch matches and more!

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Brand Protection API is now available, allowing users to create new queries, delete existing queries, fetch matches and more.
```

> What you can do:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Brand Protection API allows you to:
```

> - **create new string or logo query** 

Reviewer: ```suggestion

- **Create new string or logo query.** 
```

> - **delete string or logo queries** 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Delete string or logo queries.** 
```

> - **download matches for both logo and string queries** 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Download matches for both logo and string queries.** 
```

> - **read matches for both logo and string queries** 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Read matches for both logo and string queries.** 
```

> Ready to start? Check out the [Brand Protection API](/api/resources/brand_protection/) in our documentation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Refer to [Brand Protection API](/api/resources/brand_protection/) to use the API.
```
